431 initializing docusaurus (#469)
JeremieLeymarie/story-builder: documentation/docs/Builder/story-creation.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 2
---
# Builder homepage

![logo](/img/builder_home.jpg)

This is the story builder engine that boasts powerful narrative options for your stories.

> To create your first story in Story Builder you need first to head to the "Builder" section which contains the engine that allow you to freely create stories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your first story in Story Builder you need first to head to the "Builder" section which contains the engine that allows you to freely create stories.
```

> This the page where all the stories you are currently creating are stored. You can choose any story you wish to modify or you can create new stories thanks to the "Build you own stories" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This the page where all the stories you created are stored. You can choose any story you wish to modify or you can create new stories thanks to the "Build you own story" button.
```

You can also import stories in a JSON format and then continue building your stories or work on those of your friends and relatives !

For the sake of this presentation, we are going to create our own story and see how things unfold in the most crucial part of Story Builder : THE BUILDER !

So we first click on "Build your own story"

<img src="/img/builder_button.png" alt="logo" width="400" />

> But you need to initialize your story first by filling some needded informations first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But you need to initialize your story first by filling some needed information first
```

<img src="/img/builder_button_popup.png" alt="logo" width="400" />

> After you have filled all the required fields you can access

Reviewer: Il manque la fin de la phrase, non ?

> This is the heart of Story Builder, you can here create any story you want by using the various features available to you. You also can import any image from the internet by copy pasting the image's URL.

Reviewer: C'est peut-être un peu trop spécifique de parler d'import d'image ici ? Jsp
